Christopher Patron 
CS 106A: Ethics Question Responses 
04/22/2022

Forest Fire Assignment: 
A. 
	I believe that the programmer has alot of responsibility as the creator of a tool like this program.
I can relate to this because I am a structural engineer and have to use design software all the time. When I 
am using this software, it is my responsibility to know the "in's and out's" of the software and have the capacity 
to understand what it is the output of the design is and if it makes sense. Similar to this, a programmer who is 
developing a program like this should be well-versed in what the program is capable of.

B. 
	The information that should be conveyed is similar to what the program is already ouputting. That is, the 
original image and the altered image. That way, the user is able to see exactly how the original image was altered.
If the original image was to not be returned, the context of the program's use would change significantly and essentially 
the user would be putting alot more trust in the programmer and the program, which may not always be the best thing to do.

Ghost Code Assignment:
A. 
	I believe that the implementation of this code is innumerable. That is, it can be used in many basic contexts. 
The simplest example can be someone taking a nice picture in a crowded area, but wanting to have a picture of just background.
However, its use can also be used more negatively in altering the picture in a way to manipulate someone or a group of people. 
For example, you could take a picture of a crowd of people in line and remove them from the image and use this information 
to manipulate people into thinking that there is an empty line when in reality the line is full and would attract more people,
making the line even longer.

B. 
	I believe that my second example clearly involves manipulation because you are deceiving people who see the image with 
the "empty line" and having them think that the line is empty, when it really is not. 